Add pointers to upgrade doc (#1133)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/getting-started/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application.md

This article shows you how to develop a Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) desktop application that includes the elements that are common to most WPF applications: Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) markup, code-behind, application definitions, controls, layout, data binding, and styles. To develop the application, you'll use Visual Studio.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This article was written for .NET Framework. To get started with .NET 5 or .NET 6, see [Tutorial: Create a new WPF app (WPF .NET)](../../../net/wpf/get-started/create-app-visual-studio.md).

Author: ```suggestion
> This article was written for .NET Framework. To get started with .NET 5 or .NET 6, see [Tutorial: Create a new WPF app (WPF .NET)](/dotnet/desktop/wpf/get-started/create-app-visual-studio?view=netdesktop-5.0&preserve-view=true).
```
